uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/FragmentTravellingBindingImpl.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.FragmentTravellingBindingImpl
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/FragmentTravellingBinding.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.FragmentTravellingBinding
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/model/data/database/ImageRoomDatabase_Impl.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.model.data.database.ImageRoomDatabase_Impl
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.model.data.database.ImageRoomDatabase_Impl$1
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/ActivityMapBinding.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.ActivityMapBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/FragmentNewTripBinding.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.FragmentNewTripBinding
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/FragmentShowImageBinding.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.FragmentShowImageBinding
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/FragmentNewTripBindingImpl.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.FragmentNewTripBindingImpl
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/FragmentHomeBindingImpl.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.FragmentHomeBindingImpl
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/FragmentGalleryBindingImpl.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.FragmentGalleryBindingImpl
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/FragmentEditImageBinding.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.FragmentEditImageBinding
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/FragmentShowImageBindingImpl.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.FragmentShowImageBindingImpl
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/ContentCameraBinding.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.ContentCameraBinding
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/BuildConfig.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.BuildConfig
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/model/data/database/ImageDataDao_Impl.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.model.data.database.ImageDataDao_Impl
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.model.data.database.ImageDataDao_Impl$1
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.model.data.database.ImageDataDao_Impl$2
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.model.data.database.ImageDataDao_Impl$3
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.model.data.database.ImageDataDao_Impl$4
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.model.data.database.ImageDataDao_Impl$5
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.model.data.database.ImageDataDao_Impl$6
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.model.data.database.ImageDataDao_Impl$7
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.model.data.database.ImageDataDao_Impl$8
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.DataBindingTriggerClass
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/BR.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.BR
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/ListItemImageBinding.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.ListItemImageBinding
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.DataBinderMapperImpl
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
uk/ac/shef/oak/com4510/databinding/FragmentEditImageBindingImpl.java
 uk.ac.shef.oak.com4510.databinding.FragmentEditImageBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
